Our society relies on these things
This is a sea container. 2.5 by 2.5 by 6.10 meters
And they are everywhere on every continent.
People are containers almost everywhere they are
They are used for storage, for shops, as houses and even as an Antarctic headquarters
But more importantly, they are used to transport things.
Before shipping containers were invented, everything that was transported by ship
had different dimensions and had a different packaging
And it took a week before a small cargo ship was loaded and unloaded
But now almost everything is shipped via containers and the ships are loaded with the aid of huge cranes.
Like this, the largest in the world, in London Gateway
- Below is the Cap San Marco. It is a 300 meter long vessel.
Four gantry cranes are currently working on this. They should be here for roughly 12 hours
-And in those 12 hours you move how many containers?
-We move around more than 1100 containers, both for unloading and loading.
- All in 12 hours?
-All in 12 hours.
There is a worldwide network of containers and ports. It is a kind of internet for things.
In the same way that standardizing on the internet meant that
all computers could talk to each other, standardizing all sea containers
meant that all ports, worldwide, could just send things to each other.
-You see here a container that has just been brought to our post
and it goes through the whole process at full speed.
-And that is completely automatic?
That is completely automatic
- So it is really just a huge robot?
-Yes it's 200 tons of robots. It takes the containers and puts them in the stock
It is a large temporary storage place for containers. A big 3D puzzle
From the storage to the vehicle we have equipment called '' shuttle ''
It is a powerful, very fast machine that has lifting capabilities.
As well as a horziontale transfer
It is both a crane and a truck
And from then on, our 2000 tonne scaffolding taps are picked up as if they were a snowflake.
and we load it in the right position, safely on the ship
-Set you are in China and you sell 10,000 wrappers to a supermarket in the United Kingdom
You do not have to worry about how they get there,
you just put them in a container, take them to the port and they disappear into the system.
And, if there are no disasters, it is sent to ships for a few days
and by transshipment port, essentially routers and it arrives at the port of arrival
In the port, the container is loaded onto a truck or train.
Because all containers have the same dimensions, each means of transport can transport them.
And then it is transported to the distribution center of the supermarket
Where the containers are emptied and sent to individual stores
Increasingly, the supermarkets are doing that here, because, yes,
why would you have an extra distribution center and an extra trip, if you can just do that here?
Here's an important thing: it does not matter what's in the container,
it's just a big box that literally fits millions of other boxes of all sizes
who travel around the world at any time
Unless it concerns dangerous goods, even the personnel on the ship do not know what's inside.
Whiskey is one of the first things that was sent by container
There was once a large number or accidentally broken whiskey bottles, I can not imagine why, but suddenly
they stopped when the bottles were in a sealed metal box
In fact, someone once tried to send themselves over the world with the help of a container
and he almost succeeded
The vast majority of things that are made in a country and are sold in another country,
are sent in containers.
World trade is just as dependent on this network of physical things as the internet
Our society is really maintained by these metal boxes and these gigantic cranes.